Fixed analog links (#1194)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/controls-overviews/control-system-hardware.rst

The DMC-60 is a PWM motor controller from Digilent. The DMC-60 features integrated thermal sensing and protection including current-foldback to prevent overheating and damage, and four multi-color LEDs to indicate speed, direction, and status for easier debugging. For more information, see the `DMC-60 reference manual <https://reference.digilentinc.com/_media/dmc-60/dmc60_rm.pdf>`__

> The DMC-60C adds CAN smart controller capabilities to the DMC-60 controller. This enables closed loop control features and other intelligent control options. For more information see the `DMC-60C Product Page <https://www.digikey.com/en/product-highlight/d/digilent/dmc60c-digital-motor-controller/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DMC-60C adds CAN smart controller capabilities to the DMC-60 controller. This enables closed loop control features and other intelligent control options. For more information see the `DMC-60C Product Page <https://reference.digilentinc.com/dmc-60c/start>`__
```

Author: sure
